feat: v13 changes guide (#680)
discordjs/guide: guide/additional-info/changes-in-v13.md

Refer to the [Threads (coming soon I hope)](/threads/) section of this guide to start using Threads.

## Voice

Support for voice has been separated into a different module. You nown eeed to install and use [@discordjs/voice](https://github.com/discordjs/voice) for interacting with the Discord Voice API.

## Customizable Manager Caches

A popular request that has finally been heard, by 1Computer specifically. The `Client` class supports a new option, `makeCache` which accepts a `CacheFactory`.

By combining this with the helper function `Options.cacheWithLimits` users can define custom caps on the caches of each Manager, and let discord.js handle the rest.

```js
const client = new Client({
	makeCache: Options.cacheWithLimits({
		MessageManager: 200, // This is default.
		PresenceManager: 0, // Add more class names here.
	}),
});
```

Additional flexibility can be gained by providing a function which returns a custom cache implementation - keep in mind this should still maitain the Collector / Map-like interface for internal compatibility.

```js
const client = new Client({
	makeCache: manager => {
		if (manager.name === 'MessageManager') return new LimitedCollection(0);

> 		return new Coolection();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		return new Collection();
```

Reviewer 2: That was a pun tho

## Before you start

v13 requires Node 14.x or higher to use, so make sure you're up to date. To check your Node version, use `node -v` in your terminal or command prompt, and if it's not high enough, update it! There are many resources online to help you with this step based on your host system.

Once you've got Node up-to-date, you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x, uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

## API Version

Discord.js v13 makes the switch to Discord API v9! In addition to this, the new major version also includes a bunch of cool new features...

## Slash Commands

Discord.js now has support for Slash Commands!

Refer to the [Slash Commands](/interactions/registering-slash-commands) section of this guide to get started.

> In addition to the `interaction` event covered in the above guide, this release also includes the new Client events `applicationCommandCreate`, `applicationCommandDelete` and `applicationCommandUpdate`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In addition to the `interactionCreate` event covered in the above guide, this release also includes the new Client events `applicationCommandCreate`, `applicationCommandDelete` and `applicationCommandUpdate`.
```

With the introduction of Interactions and it becoming far common for users to want to send an embed with MessageOptions, methods that send messages now enforce a single param. 

That can be either a string, an `APIMessage`, or that method's variant of `MessageOptions`.

Additionally, all messages sent by bots now support up to 10 embeds. As a result the `embed` option is completely removed, replaced with an `embeds` array which must be in the options object.

```diff
- channel.send(embed);
+ channel.send({ embeds: [embed, embed2] });

- channel.send('Hello!', { embed });
+ channel.send({ content: 'Hello!', embeds: [embed, embed2] });

- interaction.reply('Hello!', { ephemeral: true });
+ interaction.reply({ content: 'Hello!', ephemeral: true });
```

`MessageEmbed#attachFiles` has been removed - files should now be attached directly to the Message.

```diff
- const embed = new Discord.MessageEmbed().setTitle('Attachments').attachFiles(['./image1.png', './image2.jpg']);
- channel.send(embed);
+ const embed = new Discord.MessageEmbed().setTitle('Attachments');
+ channel.send({ embeds: [embed], files: ['./image1.png', './image2.jpg'] });
```

> The `code` and `split` options have also been removed. This functionality will now have to be handled manually, such as via the `Util.splitMessage` helper.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `code` and `split` options have also been removed. This functionality will now have to be handled manually, such as via the `Formatters.codeBlock` and `Util.splitMessage` helpers.
```

### Strings

Many methods in discord.js that were documented as accepting strings would accept other types, and resolve this into a string on your behalf. The results of this behaviour were often undesirable, producing output such as `[object Object]`.

Discord.js now enforces and validates string input on all methods that expect it. Users will need to manually call `toString()` or utilise template literals for all string inputs as appropriate.

> The most common areas you will encounter this change is `MessageOptions#content` and the properties of a `MessageEmbed`, or when passing objects such as users or roles directly, especting them to be stringified.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The most common areas where you will encounter this change is in `MessageOptions#content` and the properties of a `MessageEmbed`, or when passing objects such as users or roles directly, expecting them to be stringified.
```

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The most common areas you will encounter this change in are `MessageOptions#content`, the properties of a `MessageEmbed`, and passing objects such as users or roles, expecting them to be stringified.
```

```diff
- message.channel.send(user);
+ message.channel.send(user.toString());

let count = 5;
- embed.addField('Count', count);
+ embed.addField('Count', `${count}`);
```

### Intents

> As v13 makes the switch to Discord API v8, it will now be **required** to specify intents in your Client constructor. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As v13 makes the switch to Discord API v9, it will now be **required** to specify intents in your Client constructor. 
```

+ const client = new Client({ intents: [Intents.FLAGS.GUILDS, Intents.FLAGS.GUILD_MESSAGES] });
```

### Structures#extend

The concept of extendable Structures has been completely removed from discord.js.

For more information on why this decision was made and the recommended alternatives, refer to the [pull request](https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/pull/6027).

### Collectors

All Collector related classes and methods (both create and await) now take a single object parameter which also includes the filter.

```diff
- const collector = message.createReactionCollector(filter, { time: 15000 });
+ const collector = message.createReactionCollector({ filter, time: 15000 });
```

### Naming conventions

Some commonly used naming conventions in discord.js have been changed:

#### Thing#thingId

The casing of `thingID` properties has changed to `thingId`. This is a more-correct casing for the camelCase used by discord.js as `Id` is an abbreviation, not an acronym.

```diff
- console.log(guild.ownerID);
+ console.log(guild.ownerId);

- console.log(interaction.channelID);
+ console.log(interaction.channelId);
```

#### Client#message

#### Client#interaction

> - `message` and `interaction` events have been renamed to `messageCreate` and `interactionCreate` respectively, to bring the library in line with Discord's naming conventions.

Reviewer 6: Yes but interaction didn’t exist before v13 so it doesn’t make sense to mention that change

> - `message` and `interaction` events have been renamed to `messageCreate` and `interactionCreate` respectively, to bring the library in line with Discord's naming conventions.

Reviewer 7: Oh yes lol

Don't worry - the old names still work, but you'll receive a Deprecation Warning until you switch over.

```diff
- client.on("message", message => { ... });
+ client.on("messageCreate", message => { ... });

- client.on("interaction", interaction => { ... });
+ client.on("interactionCreate", interaction => { ... });
```

### Snowflakes

> For TypeScript users, discord.js now enforces the `Snowflake` type, a stringified bigint, rather than allowing any string to be accepted.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For TypeScript users, Discord.js now enforces the `Snowflake` type, a stringified bigint, rather than allowing any string to be accepted.
```

```diff
interface Config {

> 	prefix: string;
> - ownerId: string;
> + ownerId: Snowflake;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 	prefix: string;
-	ownerId: string;
+	ownerId: Snowflake;
```

}
```

### Allowed Mentions

`clientOptions.disableMentions` has been removed and replaced with `clientOptions.allowedMentions`!

The Discord API now allows bots much more granular control over mention parsing, down to the specific id.

Refer to the [Discord API documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#allowed-mentions-object) for more information.

```diff
- const client = new Discord.Client({ disableMentions: 'everyone' });
+ const client = new Discord.Client({ allowedMentions: { parse: ['users', 'roles'], repliedUser: true } });
```

### Replies / Message#reply

`Message.reply()` will no longer result in the bot prepending a user mention to the content, replacing the behavior with Discord's reply feature.

> `MessageOptions.reply` no longer takes a user id. It has been replaced with a `ReplyOptions` type, expecting `MessageOptions.reply.messageReference` as a Message id.

Reviewer 3: The way you access to a typedef's property across this page is inconsistent, on line 124 you use `#`, while here you use `.`.

> `Message.reply()` will no longer result in the bot prepending a user mention to the content, replacing the behavior with Discord's reply feature.
> 
> `MessageOptions.reply` no longer takes a user id. It has been replaced with a `ReplyOptions` type, expecting `MessageOptions.reply.messageReference` as a Message id.

Author: ```suggestion
`Message#reply` will no longer result in the bot prepending a user mention to the content, replacing the behavior with Discord's reply feature.

`MessageOptions#reply` no longer takes a user id. It has been replaced with a `ReplyOptions` type, expecting `MessageOptions#reply#messageReference` as a Message id.
```

```diff
- channel.send('content', { reply: '123456789012345678' }); // User id
+ channel.send({ content: 'content', reply: { messageReference: '765432109876543219' }}); // Message id
```

The new `MessageOptions.allowedMentions.repliedUser` boolean option determines if the reply will notify the author of the original message.

```diff
- message.reply('content')
+ message.reply({ content: 'content', allowedMentions: { repliedUser: false }})
```
Note that this will disable all other mentions in this message. To enable other mentions, you will need to include other `allowedMentions` fields. See the above "Allowed Mentions" section for more.

### Bitfields / Permissions

> Bitfields are now `BigInt`s instead of `Number`s. This can be handled using the `BigInt()` class, or the n-suffixed BigInt literal.

Reviewer 3: "n-suffixed" is a bit unfortunate. Also maybe add a link to MDN? https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt

> Bitfields are now `BigInt`s instead of `Number`s. This can be handled using the `BigInt()` class, or the n-suffixed BigInt literal.

Author: ```suggestion
Bitfields are now `BigInt`s instead of `Number`s. This can be handled using the `BigInt()` class, or the n-suffixed [BigInt literal](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt).
```

```diff
- const p = new Permissions(104324673);
+ const p = new Permissions(BigInt(104324673)); // using class
+ const p = new Permissions(104324673n); // using literal
```
In additional, the usage of string literals for bitfield flags such as `Permissions` and `UserFlags` is discouraged; you should use the flag instead.

```diff
- permissions.has('SEND_MESSAGES')
+ permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES)
```

### DM Channels

> On Discord API v8, DM Channels do not emit the `CHANNEL_CREATE` event, which means Discord.js is unable to cache them automatically. In order for your bot to receive DMs the `CHANNEL` partial must be enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On Discord API v8 and later, DM Channels do not emit the `CHANNEL_CREATE` event, which means Discord.js is unable to cache them automatically. In order for your bot to receive DMs the `CHANNEL` partial must be enabled.
```

> On Discord API v8, DM Channels do not emit the `CHANNEL_CREATE` event, which means Discord.js is unable to cache them automatically. In order for your bot to receive DMs the `CHANNEL` partial must be enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
On Discord API v8, DM Channels do not emit the `CHANNEL_CREATE` event, which means discord.js is unable to cache them automatically. In order for your bot to receive DMs the `CHANNEL` partial must be enabled.
```

### Webpack

Webpack builds are no longer supported.

## Changes and deletions

### APIMessage

> The APIMessage class has been renamed to `MessagePayload`, resolving a naming clash with an interface in the `discord-api-types` library which raw message data objects.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `APIMessage` class has been renamed to `MessagePayload`, resolving a naming clash with an interface in the `discord-api-types` library which raw message data objects.
```

### Client

#### Client#emojis

The Client Emoji manager is now a `BaseGuildEmojiManager`, providing cache resolution only and removing methods that would fail to create emojis as there was no Guild context.

#### Client#fetchApplication

The `Client#fetchApplication` has been removed and replaced with the `Client#application` property.

```diff
- client.fetchApplication().then(application => console.log(application.name))
+ console.log(client.application.name);
```

#### Client#generateInvite

`Client#generateInvite` no longer supports `PermissionsResolvable` as its argument, requiring `InviteGenerationOptions`.

`InviteGenerationOptions` requires that at least one of either `bot` or `applications.commands` is provided in `scopes` to generate a valid invite URL.

To generate an invite link for Slash Commands only.

```js
client.generateInvite({ scopes: ['applications.commands'] });
```

To generate an invite link for a bot and define required permissions.

```diff
- client.generateInvite([Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES]);
+ client.generateInvite({ scopes: ['bot'], permissions: [Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES] })
```

### Client#login

> Previously when a token had reached its 1000 login limit for the day, discord.js would treat this as a rate limit and silently wait to login again, but this was not communicated to the user.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Previously when a token had reached its 1000 login limit for the day, Discord.js would treat this as a rate limit and silently wait to login again, but this was not communicated to the user.
```

Reviewer 5: no, `discord.js` is correct

Reviewer 4: Do you mean it should be `discord.js`, or both are correct? Because there are far more `Discord.js` than `discord.js` :grin:

Author: If I've used a captial D in the middle of a sentence, feel free to correct. When I've started a sentence, capital D

Reviewer 4: A bit lazy to do that, but you can find them with a simple ctrl+F. There are multiple instances where you use a D in a sentence ^^
Not that important anyway

This will now instead cause an error to be thrown.

### ClientOptions

#### ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers

The `ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers` option has been removed.

> With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and causes significant delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and cause significant delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors.
```
Not a 100% sure about this one, but it sounded weird

Reviewer 5: no, semantical difference. your suggestion implies that the significant delay is only happening when the fail does.
initial means that it would often fail and (generally) causes significant delays

As its purpose is contradictory to Discord's intentions to reduce scraping of user and presence data, it has been removed.

#### ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize

The `ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize` option has been removed.

> To reduce caching, discord.js will no longer store an edit history. You will need to implement this yourself if required.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To reduce caching, Discord.js will no longer store an edit history. You will need to implement this yourself if required.
```

### ClientUser

#### ClientUser#setActivity

This `ClientUser#setActivity` method no longer returns a Promise.

#### ClientUser#setAFK

This `ClientUser#setAFK` method no longer returns a Promise.

#### ClientUser#setPresence

This `ClientUser#setPresence` method no longer returns a Promise.

> `PresenceData#activity` is replaced with `PresenceData#activities` which now requires an `Array<ActivitiesOptions>`.

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this go below setActivity instead of setPresence?

Author: No, or at least not yet, because setActivity doesnt accept `PresenceData`... or an array of ActivityOptions.

```diff
- channel.createOverwrite(user, { VIEW_CHANNEL: false });
+ channel.permissionOverwrites.create(user, { VIEW_CHANNEL: false });
```

#### GuildChannel#overwritePermissions

This method has been removed, with functionality replaced by the new `PermissionOverwriteManager`.

```diff
- channel.overwritePermissions([{ id: user.id , allow: ['VIEW_CHANNEL'], deny: ['SEND_MESSAGES'] }]);
+ channel.permissionOverwrites.set([{ id: user.id , allow: ['VIEW_CHANNEL'], deny: ['SEND_MESSAGES'] }]);
```

#### GuildChannel#permissionOverwrites

This method no longer returns a Collection of PermissionOverwrites, instead providing access to the `PermissionOverwriteManager`.

#### GuildChannel#updateOverwrite

This method has been removed, with functionality replaced by the new `PermissionOverwriteManager`.

```diff
- channel.updateOverwrite(user, { VIEW_CHANNEL: false });
+ channel.permissionOverwrites.edit(user, { VIEW_CHANNEL: false });
```

### GuildMember 

#### GuildMember#ban

`GuildMember#ban()` will throw a TypeError when a string is provided instead of an options object.

```diff
- member.ban('reason')
+ member.ban({ reason: 'reason' })
```

### GuildMember#hasPermission

> This `GuildMember#hasPermission` shortcut/helper method has been removed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `GuildMember#hasPermission` shortcut/helper method has been removed.
```

```diff
- member.hasPermission(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
+ member.permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
```

### GuildMemberManager

#### GuildMemberManager#ban

The `GuildMemberManager#ban` method will throw a TypeError when a string is provided instead of an options object.

```diff
- guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', 'reason')
+ guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', { reason: 'reason' })
```

### Message / MessageManager

#### Message#delete

The `Message.delete()` method no longer accepts any options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff
- message.delete({ timeout: 10000 });
+ client.setTimeout(() => message.delete(), 10000);
```

`reason` is no longer a parameter as it is not used by the API.

#### MessageManager#delete

The `MessageManager.delete()` method no longer accepts any additional options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff
- channel.messages.delete('123456789012345678', { timeout: 10000 });
+ client.setTimeout(() => channel.messages.delete('123456789012345678'), 10000);
```

`reason` is no longer a parameter as it is not used by the API.

### MessageEmbed

#### MessageEmbed#attachFiles

> The `MessageEmbed#attachFiles` method has been removed. Instead, files should be attached to the Message directly via MessageOptions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `MessageEmbed#attachFiles` method has been removed. Instead, files should be attached to the Message directly via `MessageOptions`.
```

Reviewer 3: There are many words referenced as types (Guild, Channel, Message...) that aren't marked as inline codes, not sure if that's intentional.

Author: There are times when I've treated it more like a proper noun as the name of a thing, rather than a type. Maybe I should just lower case those to regular nouns. This is definitely a type though.

```

### User

#### User#locale

The `User.locale` property has been removed, as this property is not exposed to bots.

### UserFlags

The deprecated UserFlags `DISCORD_PARTNER` and `VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` / `EARLY_VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` have been removed in favor of their renamed versions.

```diff
- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.DISCORD_PARTNER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.PARTNERED_SERVER_OWNER)

- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.VERIFIED_DEVELOPER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.EARLY_VERIFIED_BOT_DEVELOPER)
```

The new flag `DISCORD_CERTIFIED_MODERATOR` has been added.

### Util

Shortcuts to Util methods which were previously exported at the top level have been removed.

#### Util#convertToBuffer

#### Util#str2ab

Both were removed in favor of Node built-in Buffer methods.

#### Util#resolveString

The `Util#resolveString` method has been removed. Discord.js now enforces that users provide strings where expected rather than resolving one on their behalf.

## Additions

### ActivityTypes

A new activity type `COMPETING` has been added.

### ApplicationCommand

Provides API support for Slash Commands.

### ApplicationCommandManager

> Provides API supporting for creating, editing and deleting Slash Commands.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Provides API support for creating, editing and deleting Slash Commands.
```

### ApplicationCommandPermissionsManager

Provides API support for creating, editing and deleting permission overwrites on Slash Commands.

### ApplicationFlags

Provides an enumerated bitfield for `ClientApplication` flags.

### BaseGuild

The new `BaseGuild` class is extended by both `Guild` and `OAuth2Guild`.

### ButtonInteraction

Provides gateway support for a `MessageComponentInteraction` coming from a button component.

### Channel

#### Channel#isText()

> Checks and typeguards if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news").

Reviewer 3: I think we should word those differently, in case https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/pull/6035 merges before v13.

Also [needs to include threads](https://discord.js.org/#/docs/main/master/class/Channel?scrollTo=isText).

> Checks and typeguards if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news").

Author: ```suggestion
Checks and typeguards if a channel is Text-Based; one of `TextChannel`, `DMChannel`, `NewsChannel` or `ThreadChannel` 
```

#### Channel#isThread()

Checks and typeguards if a channel is a Thread type.

### CollectorOptions

#### CollectorOptions#filter

Constructing a `Collector` without providing a filter function will now throw a meaningful `TypeError`.

### CommandInteraction

Provides gateway support for Slash Command interactions. For more information refer to the [Slash Commands](/interactions/registering-slash-commands) section of the guide.

### Guild

#### Guild#bans

> Provides access to the Guild's `GuildBanManager`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Provides access to the Guild's `GuildBanManager`.
```

#### Guild#create

`Guild#systemChannelFlags` can now be set in the `Guild#create` method.

#### Guild#edit

The `Guild#description` and `Guild#features` properties can now be edited.

#### Guild#editWelcomeScreen

Provides API support for bots to edit the Guild's `WelcomeScreen`.

#### Guild#emojis

The `GuildEmojiManager` class now extends `BaseGuildEmojiManager`.

In addition to the existing methods, it now supports `GuildEmojiManager#fetch`.

#### Guild#fetchWelcomeScreen

Provides API support for fetching the Guild's `WelcomeScreen`.

#### Guild#fetchWidget

Provides API support for the Guild's Widget, containing information about the guild and it's members.

#### Guild#invites

Provides access to the new `GuildInviteManager`.

> #### Guild#nsfw

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Guild#nsfwLevel
```

ref: https://discord.js.org/#/docs/main/master/class/Guild?scrollTo=nsfwLevel

Guilds can now be marked as NSFW.

#### Guild#owner

The `Guild#owner` property has been removed as it was unreliable due to caching, replaced with `Guild#fetchOwner`.

```diff

> - console.log(Guild.owner);
> + Guild.fetchOwner().then(console.log);

Reviewer 3: The majority of this page uses lower-case variables:
```suggestion
- console.log(guild.owner);
+ guild.fetchOwner().then(console.log);
```

- `targetApplication` to target the invite to a particular Discord activity
- `targetType`

### GuildChannelManager

#### GuildChannelManager#fetch

Now supports fetching the channels of a Guild.

### GuildInviteManager

Aligns support for creating and fetching invites with the managers design.

Replaces `Guild#fetchInvites`.

### GuildManager

#### GuildManager#create

Now supports specifying the AFK and system channels when creating a new guild.

#### GuildManager#fetch

Now supports fetching multiple guilds, returning a `Promise<Collection<Snowflake, OAuth2Guild>>` if used in this way.

### GuildEmojiManager

#### GuildEmojiManager#fetch

Provides API support for the `GET /guilds/{guild.id}/emojis` endpoint.

### GuildMember

#### GuildMember#pending

Flags whether a member has passed the guild's membership gate.

The flag is `true` before accepting and fires `guildMemberUpdate` when the member accepts.

### GuildMemberManager

Several methods were added to `GuildMemberManager` to provide API support for uncached members.

#### GuildMemberManager#edit

`guild.members.edit('123456789012345678', data, reason)`

> Approximately equivalent to `GuildMember#edit(data, reason)` but does not resolve to a GuildMember.

Reviewer 6: This returns a Promise with a GuildMember so this should probably be changed

Reviewer 8: So,
```suggestion
Equivalent to `GuildMember#edit(data, reason)`.
```

Reviewer 6: Sounds about right yeah

### GuildTemplate

Provides API support for [Server Templates](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/guild-template).

### Integration

#### Integration#roles

A Collection of Roles which are managed by the integration.

### Interaction

Provides gateway support for Slash Command and Message Component interactions. 

For more information refer to the [Slash Commands](/interactions/replying-to-slash-commands) and [Message Components](/interactions/buttons.html#responding-to-buttons) sections of the guide.

### InteractionCollector

Provides a way for users to collect any type of Interaction.

This class has a more flexible design that other Collectors, able to be bound to any Guild, Channel or Message as appropriate.

TypeScript developers can also leverage generics to define the subclass of Interaction that will be returned.

### InteractionWebhook

Provides webhook support specifically for interactions, due to their unique qualities.

### InviteGuild

Provides API support for the partial Guild data available from an `Invite`.

### InviteStageInstance

Provides API support for bots to inviting users to Stage Instances.

### Message

#### Message#awaitMessageComponent

> A shortcut method to create a promisified `InteractionCollector` which resolves to a single `MessageComponentInteraction`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A shortcut method to create a promisified `InteractionCollector` which resolves to a single `MessageComponentInteraction`.
```

Allows conversion between `TextChannel` and `NewsChannel`.

#### TextChannel#threads

Provides access to the `ThreadManager` for this channel.

### ThreadChannel

Provides API support for Thread Channels.

### ThreadChannelManager

Provides API support for the bot to create, edit and delete threads, and stores a cache of `ThreadChannels`.

### ThreadMember

Represent a member of a thread, and their thread-specific metadata.

### ThreadMemberManager

Provides API support for the bot to add and remove members from threads, and stores a cache of `ThreadMembers`.

### Webhook

#### Webhook#deleteMessage

Webhooks can now delete messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#editMessage

Webhooks can now edit messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#fetchMessage

Webhooks can now fetch messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#sourceChannel

#### Webhook#sourceGuild

Webhooks can now have a `sourceGuild` and `sourceChannel` if the message is being crossposted.

### WelcomeChannel

Represents the channels that can be seen in a Guild's `WelcomeScreen`.

### WelcomeScreen

Provides API support for a Guild's Welcome Screen.

### Widget

> Represent a Guild's Widget.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Represents a Guild's Widget.
```
Third person is used everywhere else

### WidgetMember

Partial information about a guild's members stored in a Widget.

### Util

#### Formatters

A number of new formatter functions are provided in the Util class, to easily handle adding markdown to strings.

#### Util#resolvePartialEmoji

> A helper method which attempts to resolve properties for a raw emoji object from input data, without the use of the Discord.js Client class or its EmojiManager.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
A helper method that attempts to resolve properties for a raw emoji object from input data, without the use of the discord.js Client class or its EmojiManager.
```

#### Util#verifyString

> A helper method which is used to internally validate string arguments provided to methods in discord.js.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A helper method which is used to internally validate string arguments provided to methods in Discord.js.
```

### Collectors

All Collector related classes and methods (both create and await) now take a single object parameter which also includes the filter.

```diff
- const collector = message.createReactionCollector(filter, { time: 15000 });
+ const collector = message.createReactionCollector({ filter, time: 15000 });
```

### Naming conventions

Some commonly used naming conventions in discord.js have been changed:

#### Thing#thingId

The casing of `thingID` properties has changed to `thingId`. This is a more-correct casing for the camelCase used by discord.js as `Id` is an abbreviation, not an acronym.

```diff
- console.log(guild.ownerID);
+ console.log(guild.ownerId);

- console.log(interaction.channelID);
+ console.log(interaction.channelId);
```

#### Client#message

- The `message` event has been renamed to `messageCreate`, to bring the library in line with Discord's naming conventions.

Don't worry - the old name still works, but you'll receive a Deprecation Warning until you switch over.

```diff
- client.on("message", message => { ... });
+ client.on("messageCreate", message => { ... });

> 

Reviewer 5: missing closing backticksticks as pointed out by <https://github.com/discordjs/guide/issues/725>

# Updating from v12 to v13

## Before you start

v13 requires Node 14.x or higher to use, so make sure you're up to date. To check your Node version, use `node -v` in your terminal or command prompt, and if it's not high enough, update it! There are many resources online to help you with this step based on your host system.

> Once you've got Node up-to-date, you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

Reviewer 9: Not quite sure about this so I have a question, the latter part of this guide says users need to use Discord.js' voice library in order to get voice support? If this is so, then this Opus bindings library should be another implementation or this is a combination of both the voice and this Opus library, then? If it's otherwise, I've included a suggestion.
```suggestion
Once you've got Node up-to-date, you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/voice` for voice support.
```

Reviewer 9: > Not quite sure about this so I have a question, the latter part of this guide says users need to use Discord.js' voice library in order to get voice support? If this is so, then this Opus bindings library should be another implementation or this is a combination of both the voice and this Opus library, then? If it's otherwise, I've included a suggestion.

Voice depends on an Opus library with bindings for Node.js. If that's so, maybe I should just change the statement to `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus @discordjs/voice` for a complete installation setup (assuming Discord.js' Opus library is the recommended one). Or perhaps either the above should stay as-is, or don't edit the above statement at all?

## Message Components

Discord.js now has support for Message Components!

This introduces the `MessageActionRow`, `MessageButton` and `MessageSelectMenu` classes, as well as associated interactions and collectors. 

Refer to the [Message Components](/interactions/buttons) section of this guide to start using Message Components.

## Threads

Discord.js now has support for Threads! Threads are a new type of sub-channel that can be used to help separate conversations into a more meaningful flow.

This introduces the `ThreadManager` class, which can be found as `TextChannel#threads`, in addition to `ThreadChannel`, `ThreadMemberManager` and `ThreadMember`.

There are also five new events; `threadCreate`, `threadDelete`, `threadListSync`, `threadMemberUpdate` and `threadMembersUpdate`.

Refer to the [Threads](/popular-topics/threads) section of this guide to start using Threads.

## Voice

Support for voice has been separated into its own module. You now need to install and use [@discordjs/voice](https://github.com/discordjs/voice) for interacting with the Discord Voice API.

## Customizable Manager Caches

> A popular request that has finally been heard, by 1Computer specifically. The `Client` class supports a new option, `makeCache` which accepts a `CacheFactory`.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
A popular request that has finally been heard, by 1Computer1 specifically. The `Client` class supports a new option, `makeCache` which accepts a `CacheFactory`.
```

> By combining this with the helper function `Options.cacheWithLimits` users can define custom caps on the caches of each Manager, and let discord.js handle the rest.

Reviewer 9: Add a comma punctuation, and use the non-abbreviated word.
```suggestion
By combining this with the helper function `Options.cacheWithLimits`, users can define custom capicities on the caches of each Manager, and let discord.js handle the rest.
```

Reviewer 5: * capacities

Reviewer 6: A cap is a limit, not a capacity 🤔

Reviewer 9: Alright, fixed the typo. But should it be limit or capacity? I'm pretty sure the one ImRodry gave is just the same as above,
![921DDD34-ECF9-4196-95CE-7F25A75990CB](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77086272/125071517-f5296800-e0eb-11eb-856e-ead245bcd39c.jpeg) via https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/cap.

Reviewer 6: Capacity just wouldn't make much sense in this scenario. The way I see it is that this option allows you to limit what you want to cache, therefore caps is correct

Reviewer 10: "users can define limits on each Manager's cache" would clear up this confusion

Reviewer 6: I think it’s fine as it is

Reviewer 9: > "users can define limits on each Manager's cache" would clear up this confusion

Got it, I changed it, thanks.

```js
const client = new Client({
	makeCache: Options.cacheWithLimits({
		MessageManager: 200, // This is default.
		PresenceManager: 0, // Add more class names here.
	}),
});
```

> Additional flexibility can be gained by providing a function which returns a custom cache implementation - keep in mind this should still maitain the Collector / Map-like interface for internal compatibility.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
Additional flexibility can be gained by providing a function which returns a custom cache implementation - keep in mind this should still maintain the Collector / Map-like interface for internal compatibility.
```

```js
const client = new Client({
	makeCache: manager => {
		if (manager.name === 'MessageManager') return new LimitedCollection(0);
		return new Collection();
	},
});
```

## Commonly used methods that changed

### Sending Messages, MessageEmbeds, and everything else

With the introduction of Interactions and it becoming far common for users to want to send an embed with MessageOptions, methods that send messages now enforce a single param. 

> That can be either a string, an `APIMessage`, or that method's variant of `MessageOptions`.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
That can be either a string, an `MessagePayload`, or that method's variant of `MessageOptions`.
```

Additionally, all messages sent by bots now support up to 10 embeds. As a result the `embed` option is completely removed, replaced with an `embeds` array which must be in the options object.

```diff
- channel.send(embed);
+ channel.send({ embeds: [embed, embed2] });

- channel.send('Hello!', { embed });
+ channel.send({ content: 'Hello!', embeds: [embed, embed2] });

- interaction.reply('Hello!', { ephemeral: true });
+ interaction.reply({ content: 'Hello!', ephemeral: true });
```

`MessageEmbed#attachFiles` has been removed - files should now be attached directly to the Message.

```diff
- const embed = new Discord.MessageEmbed().setTitle('Attachments').attachFiles(['./image1.png', './image2.jpg']);
- channel.send(embed);
+ const embed = new Discord.MessageEmbed().setTitle('Attachments');
+ channel.send({ embeds: [embed], files: ['./image1.png', './image2.jpg'] });
```

The `code` and `split` options have also been removed. This functionality will now have to be handled manually, such as via the `Formatters.codeBlock` and `Util.splitMessage` helpers.

### Strings

> Many methods in discord.js that were documented as accepting strings would accept other types, and resolve this into a string on your behalf. The results of this behaviour were often undesirable, producing output such as `[object Object]`.

Reviewer 9: Not assuming, but since most pages in the guide use American English.
```suggestion
Many methods in discord.js that were documented as accepting strings would accept other types, and resolve this into a string on your behalf. The results of this behavior were often undesirable, producing output such as `[object Object]`.
```

> Discord.js now enforces and validates string input on all methods that expect it. Users will need to manually call `toString()` or utilise template literals for all string inputs as appropriate.

Reviewer 9: Same as above.
```suggestion
Discord.js now enforces and validates string input on all methods that expect it. Users will need to manually call `toString()` or utilize template literals for all string inputs as appropriate.
```

```diff
- client.generateInvite([Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES]);
+ client.generateInvite({ scopes: ['bot'], permissions: [Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES] })
```

#### Client#login

Previously when a token had reached its 1000 login limit for the day, discord.js would treat this as a rate limit and silently wait to login again, but this was not communicated to the user.
This will now instead cause an error to be thrown.

#### Client#setInterval
#### Client#setTimeout

The Client timeout methods have all been removed. These methods existed for the purpose of caching timeouts internally so they could be cleared when the Client is destroyed.
Since timers now have an `unref` method in Node, this is no longer required.

### ClientOptions

#### ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers

The `ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers` option has been removed.

With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and causes significant delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors.
As its purpose is contradictory to Discord's intentions to reduce scraping of user and presence data, it has been removed.

> 

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion

#### ClientOptions#messageCacheMaxSize

The `ClientOptions#messageCacheMaxSize` option has been removed. Instead, use [`ClientOptions#makeCache`](#customizable-manager-caches) to customize the `MessageManager` cache.

```

This introduces the `ThreadManager` class, which can be found as `TextChannel#threads`, in addition to `ThreadChannel`, `ThreadMemberManager` and `ThreadMember`.

There are also five new events; `threadCreate`, `threadDelete`, `threadListSync`, `threadMemberUpdate` and `threadMembersUpdate`.

Refer to the [Threads](/popular-topics/threads.html) section of this guide to start using Threads.

## Voice

Support for voice has been separated into its own module. You now need to install and use [@discordjs/voice](https://github.com/discordjs/voice) for interacting with the Discord Voice API.

## Customizable Manager Caches

A popular request that has finally been heard - the `Client` class supports a new option, `makeCache` which accepts a `CacheFactory`.

By combining this with the helper function `Options.cacheWithLimits`, users can define limits on each Manager's cache, and let discord.js handle the rest.

```js
const client = new Client({
	makeCache: Options.cacheWithLimits({
		MessageManager: 200, // This is default.
		PresenceManager: 0, // Add more class names here.
	}),

> });

Author: Shouldn't this one also have a sentence-cased title?

> });

Reviewer 10: You're right, updated my suggestion

```

Additional flexibility can be gained by providing a function which returns a custom cache implementation - keep in mind this should still maintain the Collector / Map-like interface for internal compatibility.

```js
const client = new Client({
	makeCache: manager => {
		if (manager.name === 'MessageManager') return new LimitedCollection(0);
		return new Collection();
	},
});
```

## Commonly used methods that changed

### Sending Messages, MessageEmbeds, and everything else

With the introduction of Interactions and it becoming far common for users to want to send an embed with MessageOptions, methods that send messages now enforce a single param. 

> That can be either a string, a `MessagePayload`, or that method's variant of `MessageOptions`.

Author: This seems to be a duplicate of the one below?

- channel.send(embed);
+ const embed = new Discord.MessageEmbed().setTitle('Attachments');
+ channel.send({ embeds: [embed], files: ['./image1.png', './image2.jpg'] });
```

The `code` and `split` options have also been removed. This functionality will now have to be handled manually, such as via the `Formatters.codeBlock` and `Util.splitMessage` helpers.

### Strings

Many methods in discord.js that were documented as accepting strings would accept other types, and resolve this into a string on your behalf. The results of this behavior were often undesirable, producing output such as `[object Object]`.

Discord.js now enforces and validates string input on all methods that expect it. Users will need to manually call `toString()` or utilize template literals for all string inputs as appropriate.

The most common areas you will encounter this change in are `MessageOptions#content`, the properties of a `MessageEmbed`, and passing objects such as users or roles, expecting them to be stringified.

```diff
- message.channel.send(user);
+ message.channel.send(user.toString());

let count = 5;
- embed.addField('Count', count);

> + embed.addField('Count', `${count}`);

Author: It's the same thing?

> + embed.addField('Count', `${count}`);

Reviewer 11: yea its the same thing, just the suggestion looks a bit better IMO

> + embed.addField('Count', `${count}`);

Reviewer 12: Yeah I would probably go with the suggestion too.

### Bitfields / Permissions

Bitfields are now `BigInt`s instead of `Number`s. This can be handled using the `BigInt()` class, or the n-suffixed [BigInt literal](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt).

```diff
- const p = new Permissions(104324673);
+ const p = new Permissions(BigInt(104324673)); // using class
+ const p = new Permissions(104324673n); // using literal
```
In additional, the usage of string literals for bitfield flags such as `Permissions` and `UserFlags` is discouraged; you should use the flag instead.

```diff
- permissions.has('SEND_MESSAGES')
+ permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES)
```

### DM Channels

On Discord API v8 and later, DM Channels do not emit the `CHANNEL_CREATE` event, which means discord.js is unable to cache them automatically. In order for your bot to receive DMs the `CHANNEL` partial must be enabled.

### Webpack

Webpack builds are no longer supported.

## Changes and deletions

### APIMessage

> The `APIMessage` class has been renamed to `MessagePayload`, resolving a naming clash with an interface in the `discord-api-types` library which raw message data objects.

Author: ```suggestion
The `APIMessage` class has been renamed to `MessagePayload`, resolving a naming clash with an interface in the `discord-api-types` library which represents raw message data objects.
```

### Channel

#### Channel#type

Channel types are now uppercase and align with Discord's naming conventions.

```diff
- if(channel.type === 'text') channel.send('Content');
+ if(channel.type === 'GUILD_TEXT') channel.send('Content');
```

> 

Author: No thanks, don't think this is necessary.

#### Client#interactionCreate

Emitted when an interaction is created.

#### Client#stageInstanceCreate

Emitted whenever a stage instance is created.

#### Client#stageInstanceDelete

Emitted whenever a stage instance is deleted.

#### Client#stageInstanceUpdate

Emitted whenever a stage instance gets updated - e.g. change in topic or privacy level

#### Client#stickerCreate

Emitted whenever a custom sticker is created in a guild.

#### Client#stickerDelete

Emitted whenever a custom sticker is deleted in a guild.

#### Client#stickerUpdate

Emitted whenever a custom sticker is updated in a guild.

#### Client#threadCreate

Emitted whenever a thread is created or when the client user is added to a thread.

#### Client#threadDelete

Emitted whenever a thread is deleted.

#### Client#threadListSync

Emitted whenever the client user gains access to a text or news channel that contains threads

#### Client#threadMembersUpdate

Emitted whenever members are added or removed from a thread. Requires `GUILD_MEMBERS` privileged intent

#### Client#threadMemberUpdate

Emitted whenever the client user's thread member is updated.

#### Client#threadUpdate

> Emitted whenever a thread is updated - e.g. name change, archive state change, locked state change.

Author: Will merge, but these descriptions were copy pasted from the docs. The same consistency should be applied there.

### GuildMember

#### GuildMember#pending

Flags whether a member has passed the guild's membership gate.

The flag is `true` before accepting and fires `guildMemberUpdate` when the member accepts.

### GuildMemberManager

Several methods were added to `GuildMemberManager` to provide API support for uncached members.

#### GuildMemberManager#edit

`guild.members.edit('123456789012345678', data, reason)`

Equivalent to `GuildMember#edit(data, reason)`.

#### GuildMemberManager#kick

`guild.members.kick('123456789012345678', reason)`

Equivalent to `GuildMember#kick(reason)`.

#### GuildMemberManager#search

Provides API support for querying GuildMembers via the REST API endpoint.

`GuildMemberManager#fetch` uses the websocket gateway to receive data.

### GuildMemberRoleManager

#### GuildMemberRoleManager#botRole

`member.roles.botRole`

Gets the managed role this member created when joining the guild if any.

#### GuildMemberRoleManager#premiumSubscriberRole

`member.roles.premiumSubscriberRole`

Gets the premium subscriber (booster) role if present on the member.

### GuildPreview

#### GuildPreview#createdAt

#### GuildPreview#createdTimestamp

> The datetime at which the GuildPreview was created.

Reviewer 6: createdAt is a date tho

### InteractionWebhook

Provides webhook support specifically for interactions, due to their unique qualities.

### InviteGuild

Provides API support for the partial Guild data available from an `Invite`.

### InviteStageInstance

Provides API support for bots to inviting users to Stage Instances.

### Message

#### Message#awaitMessageComponent

A shortcut method to create a promisified `InteractionCollector` which resolves to a single `MessageComponentInteraction`.

#### Message#createMessageComponentCollector

A shortcut method to create an `InteractionCollector` for components on a specific message.

#### Message#crosspostable

Checks permissions to see if a Message can be crossposted.

#### Message#edit

Editing and/or removing attachments when editing a Message is now supported.

#### Message#fetchReference

Provides support for fetching the Message referenced by `Message#reference`, if the client has access to do so.

#### Message#react

Now supports both `<:name:id>` and `<a:name:id>` as valid inputs.

#### Message#stickers

A Collection of Stickers which were in the message.

### MessageActionRow

> A builder class which makes constructing action row type Message Components easy.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
A builder class which makes constructing action row type message components easier.
```

### MessageAttachment

#### MessageAttachment#contentType

The media type of a MessageAttachment.

### MessageButton

> A builder class which makes constructing button type Message Components easy.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
A builder class which makes constructing button type message components easier.
```

### MessageComponentInteraction

> Provides gateway support for receiving interactions from Message Components. Subclass of `Interaction`.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Provides gateway support for receiving interactions from message components. Subclass of `Interaction`.
```

### MessageManager

Methods were added to `MessageManager` to provide API support for uncached messages.

#### MessageManager#crosspost

> `channel.messages.crosspost('765432109876543210')`
> 
> Equivalent to `message.crosspost()`.
> 
> #### MessageManager#edit
> 
> `channel.messages.edit('765432109876543210', content, options)`
> 
> Equivalent to `message.edit(content, options)`.
> 
> #### MessageManager#pin
> 
> `channel.messages.pin('765432109876543210', options)`
> 
> Approximately equivalent to `message.pin(options)` but does not resolve to a Message.
> 
> #### MessageManager#react
> 
> `channel.messages.react('765432109876543210', emoji)`
> 
> Approximately equivalent to `message.react(emoji)` but does not resolve to a MessageReaction.
> 
> #### MessageManager#unpin
> 
> `channel.messages.unpin('765432109876543210', options)`
> 
> Approximately equivalent to `message.unpin(options)` but does not resolve to a Message.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
`channel.messages.crosspost('876543210987654321')` is equivalent to `message.crosspost()`.

#### MessageManager#edit

`channel.messages.edit('876543210987654321', content, options)` is equivalent to `message.edit(content, options)`.

#### MessageManager#pin

`channel.messages.pin('876543210987654321', options)` is approximately equivalent to `message.pin(options)` but does not resolve to a Message.

#### MessageManager#react

`channel.messages.react('876543210987654321', emoji)` is approximately equivalent to `message.react(emoji)` but does not resolve to a MessageReaction.

#### MessageManager#unpin

`channel.messages.unpin('876543210987654321', options)` is approximately equivalent to `message.unpin(options)` but does not resolve to a Message.
```

### MessageMentions

#### MessageMentions#repliedUser

Checks if the author of a message being replied to has been mentioned.

### MessagePayload

> This class has been renamed from APIMessage.
> 
> Global headers can now be set in the HTTP options.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
This class has been renamed from APIMessage.
Global headers can now be set in the HTTP options.
```

### MessageSelectMenu

> A builder class which makes constructing select menu type Message Components easy.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
A builder class which makes constructing select menu type message components easier.
```

### NewsChannel

#### NewsChannel#addFollower

> `channel.addFollower(channel)`
> 
> Provides API support for bots to follow announcements in other channels.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Provides API support for bots to follow announcements in other channels.
```

#### NewsChannel#setType

> `channel.setType('text')`

Reviewer 8: Is this still 'text' or has it been changed to
```suggestion
`channel.setType('GUILD_TEXT')`
```
?

Reviewer 13: `GUILD_TEXT` is correct

> `channel.setType('GUILD_TEXT')`
> 
> Allows conversion between NewsChannel and TextChannel.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Allows conversion between NewsChannel and TextChannel.
```

### Permissions

#### Permissions#STAGE_MODERATOR

> Static bitfield representing the permissions required to moderate a Stage Channel.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Static bitfield representing the permissions required to moderate a stage channel.
```

### PermissionOverwriteManager

> Replaces the `createOverwrite`, `updateOverwrite` and `overwritePermissions` methods of `GuildChannel`, aligning the design with other Managers.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Replaces the `createOverwrite`, `updateOverwrite`, and `overwritePermissions` methods of `GuildChannel`, aligning the design with other Managers.
```

### Role

#### Role#tags

Tags for roles belonging to bots, integrations, or premium subscribers.

### RoleManager

#### RoleManager#botRoleFor

> `guild.roles.botRoleFor(user)`
> 
> Gets the managed role a bot created when joining the guild, if any.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Gets the managed role a bot created when joining the guild, if any.
```

#### RoleManager#edit

> `guild.roles.edit('12345678987654321', options)`
> 
> Equivalent to `role.edit(options)`.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
`guild.roles.edit('123456789098765432', options)` is equivalent to `role.edit(options)`.
```

#### RoleManager#premiumSubscriberRole

> `guild.roles.premiumSubscriberRole`
> 
> Gets the premium subscriber (booster) role for the Guild, if any.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Gets the premium subscriber (booster) role for the Guild, if any.
```

### SelectMenuInteraction

Provides gateway support for a `MessageComponentInteraction` coming from a select menu component.

### StageChannel

> Provides API support for Stage Channels.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Provides API support for stage channels.
```

### StageInstance

> Provides API support for Stage Instances. Stage instances contain information about live stages.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Provides API support for stage instances. Stage instances contain information about live stages.
```

### StageInstanceManager

> Provides API support for the bot to create, edit and delete live Stage Instances, and stores a cache of Stage Instances.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Provides API support for the bot to create, edit, and delete live stage instances, and stores a cache of stage instances.
```

### Sticker

Provides API support for Discord Stickers.

### StickerPack

Provides API support for Discord Sticker packs.

### TextChannel

#### TextChannel#awaitMessageComponent

A shortcut method to create a promisified `InteractionCollector` which resolves to a single `MessageComponentInteraction`.

#### TextChannel#createMessageComponentCollector

A shortcut method to create an `InteractionCollector` for components on a specific channel.

#### TextChannel#setType

> `channel.setType('news')`

Reviewer 8: Is this still 'news' or has it been changed to
```suggestion
`channel.setType('GUILD_NEWS')`
```
?

Reviewer 13: `GUILD_NEWS` is correct

> `channel.setType('GUILD_NEWS')`
> 
> Allows conversion between `TextChannel` and `NewsChannel`.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Allows conversion between `TextChannel` and `NewsChannel`.
```

#### TextChannel#threads

Provides access to the `ThreadManager` for this channel.

### ThreadChannel

> Provides API support for Thread Channels.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Provides API support for thread channels.
```

### ThreadChannelManager

> Provides API support for the bot to create, edit and delete threads, and stores a cache of `ThreadChannels`.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Provides API support for the bot to create, edit, and delete threads, and stores a cache of `ThreadChannels`.
```

### ThreadMember

> Represent a member of a thread, and their thread-specific metadata.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Represent a member of a thread and their thread-specific metadata.
```

### ThreadMemberManager

Provides API support for the bot to add and remove members from threads, and stores a cache of `ThreadMembers`.

### Webhook

#### Webhook#deleteMessage

Webhooks can now delete messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#editMessage

Webhooks can now edit messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#fetchMessage

Webhooks can now fetch messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#sourceChannel

#### Webhook#sourceGuild

Webhooks can now have a `sourceGuild` and `sourceChannel` if the message is being crossposted.

### WelcomeChannel

Represents the channels that can be seen in a Guild's `WelcomeScreen`.

### WelcomeScreen

> Provides API support for a Guild's Welcome Screen.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Provides API support for a Guild's welcome screen.
```

### Widget

> Represents a Guild's Widget.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Represents a Guild's widget.
```

### WidgetMember

> Partial information about a guild's members stored in a Widget.

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
Partial information about a guild's members stored in a widget.
```

### Util

#### Formatters

> A number of new formatter functions are provided in the Util class, to easily handle adding markdown to strings.

Reviewer 8: Something like
```suggestion
A number of new formatter functions have been moved from the Util class to the Formatters class, to easily handle adding markdown to strings.
```

Author: These never existed in Util - hence why I called them "new".

To reduce caching, discord.js will no longer store an edit history. You will need to implement this yourself if required.

### ClientUser

#### ClientUser#setActivity

This method no longer returns a Promise.

#### ClientUser#setAFK

This method no longer returns a Promise.

#### ClientUser#setPresence

`PresenceData#activity` is replaced with `PresenceData#activities` which now requires an `Array<ActivitiesOptions>`.

```diff
- client.user.setPresence({ activity: { name: 'with discord.js' } });
+ client.user.setPresence({ activities: [{ name: 'with discord.js' }] });
```

This method no longer returns a Promise.

#### ClientUser#setStatus

This method no longer returns a Promise.

### Guild

#### Guild#fetchVanityCode

This method has been removed.

```diff
- Guild.fetchVanityCode().then(code => console.log(`Vanity URL: https://discord.gg/${res.code}`));
+ Guild.fetchVanityData().then(res => console.log(`Vanity URL: https://discord.gg/${res.code} with ${res.uses} uses`));
```

#### Guild#member

The helper/shortcut method `Guild#member()` has been removed.

```diff
- guild.member(user);
+ guild.members.cache.get(user.id)

> ```

Reviewer 13: Perhaps the `Guild#members#resolve` method should be mentioned here since it does pretty much the same as the old `Guild#member`?

Author: The resolve method is really more of an internal thing, `cache#get` is more consistent with the rest of the guide

Once you've got Node up-to-date, you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x, uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

## API Version

Discord.js v13 makes the switch to Discord API v8.

## Slash Commands

Discord.js now has support for Slash Commands!

Refer to the [Slash Commands](/interactions/registering-slash-commands) section of this guide to get started.

In addition to the `interaction` event covered in the above guide, this release also includes the new Client events `applicationCommandCreate`, `applicationCommandDelete` and `applicationCommandUpdate`.

## Message Components

Discord.js now has support for Message Components!

> This introduces the `MessageActionRow` and `MessageButton` classes, as well as a `MessageComponentInteractionCollector` for listening to button clicks. Refer to the [Message Components](/interactions/buttons) section of this guide to strat using Message Components.

Reviewer 14: ```suggestion
This introduces the `MessageActionRow` and `MessageButton` classes, as well as a `MessageComponentInteractionCollector` for listening to button clicks. Refer to the [Message Components](/interactions/buttons) section of this guide to start using Message Components.
```
small typo

## Voice

> Support for voice has been separated into a different module. You nown eeed to install and use [@discordjs/voice](https://github.com/discordjs/voice) for interacting with the Discord Voice API.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Support for voice has been separated into its own module. You now need to install and use [@discordjs/voice](https://github.com/discordjs/voice) for interacting with the Discord Voice API.
```
typo and grammar

## Commonly used methods that changed

### Sending Messages, MessageEmbeds, and everything else

With the introduction of Interactions and it becoming far common for users to want to send an embed with MessageOptions, methods that send messages now enforce a single param. That can be either a string, an `APIMessage`, or that method's variant of `MessageOptions`.

Additionally, all messages sent by bots now support up to 10 embeds. As a result the `embed` option is completely removed, replaced with an `embeds` array which must be in the options object.

```diff
- channel.send(embed);
+ channel.send({ embeds: [embed, embed2] });

- channel.send('Hello!', { embed });
+ channel.send({ content: 'Hello!', embeds: [embed, embed2] });

- interaction.reply('Hello!', { ephemeral: true });
+ interaction.reply({ content: 'Hello!', ephemeral: true });
```

### Strings

> Many methods in discord.js that were documented as accepting strings would accept other types, and resolve this into a string on your behalf. This results of this behaviour were often undesirable, producing output such as `[object Object]`. Discord.js now enforces and validates string input on all methods that expect it. 

Reviewer 14: ```suggestion
Many methods in discord.js that were documented as accepting strings would accept other types, and resolve this into a string on your behalf. The results of this behaviour were often undesirable, producing output such as `[object Object]`. Discord.js now enforces and validates string input on all methods that expect it. 
```

### StageChannel

Stage Channels are now supported.

### Sticker

Stickers are now supported.

### TextChannel

#### TextChannel#awaitMessageComponentInteraction

Promisified collector to wait for and collect a single component interaction in a TextChannel

#### TextChannel#createMessageComponentInteractionCollector

New Collector class for collecting component interactions in a TextChannel

#### TextChannel#setType

`channel.setType('news')`

Allows conversion between TextChannel and NewsChannel.

### Webhook

#### Webhook#deleteMessage

Webhooks can now delete messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#editMessage

Webhooks can now edit messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#fetchMessage

Webhooks can now fetch messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#sourceChannel

#### Webhook#sourceGuild

Webhooks can now have a `sourceGuild` and `sourceChannel` if the message is being crossposted.

### Util

#### Util#resolvePartialEmoji

The new `Util#resolvePartialEmoji` method attempts to resolve properties for a raw emoji object from input data, without the use of the Discord.js Client class or it's EmojiManager.

> #### Util#verifyString

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

#### Util#verifyString
```

Gets the managed role a bot created when joining the guild, if any.

#### RoleManager#premiumSubscriberRole

`guild.roles.premiumSubscriberRole`

Gets the premium subscriber (booster) role for the Guild, if any.

### StageChannel

Stage Channels are now supported.

### Sticker

Stickers are now supported.

### TextChannel

#### TextChannel#awaitMessageComponentInteraction

Promisified collector to wait for and collect a single component interaction in a TextChannel

#### TextChannel#createMessageComponentInteractionCollector

New Collector class for collecting component interactions in a TextChannel

#### TextChannel#setType

`channel.setType('news')`

Allows conversion between TextChannel and NewsChannel.

### Webhook

#### Webhook#deleteMessage

Webhooks can now delete messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#editMessage

Webhooks can now edit messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#fetchMessage

Webhooks can now fetch messages that were sent by the Webhook.

#### Webhook#sourceChannel

#### Webhook#sourceGuild

Webhooks can now have a `sourceGuild` and `sourceChannel` if the message is being crossposted.

### Util

#### Util#resolvePartialEmoji

> The new `Util#resolvePartialEmoji` method attempts to resolve properties for a raw emoji object from input data, without the use of the Discord.js Client class or it's EmojiManager.

Reviewer 15: ```suggestion
The new `Util#resolvePartialEmoji` method attempts to resolve properties for a raw emoji object from input data, without the use of the Discord.js Client class or its EmojiManager.
```
Small typo. `it's` is a contraction for `it is`, not the possessive belonging to `it` (`its`) which is what this sentence seeks to utilise.

+ member.permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
```

#### GuildMember#lastMessage

#### GuildMember#lastMessageId

> Neither of these properties were actually provided by Discord, instead relying on potentially inaccurate client cache, and have been removed.

Author: Way too many commas, it makes this sentence feel very disjointed and run-on. The relying =>relied change is okay.
